[chores] Add instructions to redo release candidate (#1689)
DataDog/datadog-ci: CONTRIBUTING.md

   - See this [example PR](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/pull/1215).
4. Once you've received at least one approval, merge the PR **with the "Create a merge commit" strategy**.
   - You may notice that a **GitHub** job is waiting for an approval, and some **_GitLab_** jobs are pending: this is expected (see **step 6 and 8**). You can merge the PR when *only those jobs* are left.
   - The "Create a merge commit" strategy is required for **step 7**, and for the GitHub Release to point to an existing commit once the PR is merged.
5. The `npm-publish` job is waiting for an approval from a datadog-ci maintainer: ask for approval and wait for it and its downstream jobs to succeed.
6. Go to the draft GitHub Release, and publish it as **latest**.
   - There should be 5 binaries available in the release's assets.
7. Finally, go to the [_GitLab_ pipelines](https://gitlab.ddbuild.io/DataDog/datadog-ci/-/pipelines?scope=tags&status=manual), find the pipeline for your tag, and start the `build` stage to run the Docker image build jobs.
   - Make sure all the jobs and downstream jobs succeed.

Thanks for creating a release! 🎉

</details>

##### Overwriting a release candidate

> Some PRs were just merged and you want to release them, but you already started the release process? 😬 Psst, come here!

Reviewer: The tone here is a little different than what's typically in Datadog docs, FWIW. This would be more typical:
```suggestion
Some PRs were just merged and you want to release them, but you already started the release process? Follow these instructions.
```

<details>
  <summary>Instructions</summary>

> [!WARNING]  

> > If you went through this process, please notify the reviewer so they can ensure everything is correct.

Reviewer: This alert isn't rendering, I think because inside the `details` tag some Markdown isn't recognized:

<img width="908" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4fd05e3e-4541-4feb-8a7b-a09d15471410" />
